[Music]
if you were forced to play a game to the
death against your high school
classmates and only one of you can
survive
what would you do in this video i'll
break down the mistakes made what you
should do and how to beat the high
school death game in the movie
kings game this girl's life is about to
turn into a nightmare
chimi here is about to go to bed when
she receives a strange message forcing
her to play something called the king's
game but she doesn't know who it's from
rule number one is no one's allowed to
quit the game at any time
and rule number two is the players must
obey the king's command within 24 hours
or else they'll be punished the first
order is for a boy in her class to
confess his love to a secret crush
she has no idea what punish means and
the whole thing sounds like a dumb prank
the next day all the students arrive at
school and pressure the boy to admit who
he likes
pushing him forward the classmates watch
as he asks this girl out on a date
he gets rejected and returns to his seat
completely embarrassed but all of a
sudden everyone gets a message on their
phones from the king confirming that the
order was obeyed
they'll soon learn that somebody in this
room is not who they think and by the
end of this game
they're all going to wish they were dead
okay
these kids think this is an innocent
game but the stakes here are going to
become
so high that murdering your classmates
wouldn't even be the worst thing they
could do by the time this game is over
they have no reason yet to think this is
going to kill somebody but at the very
least we should try a little harder to
figure out who's sending these
messages the person who sent the message
is disguising their identity and it's in
our interest to keep it a secret so that
we can get in on the game to avoid being
targeted
to figure out who this person is i would
send another text to the entire class
from my phone
posing as the king making another order
that people must follow
from the information we have it's not
against the rules and whoever the real
king is will probably look annoyed that
we just posed as them
that way we can identify the king
without the others knowing and help
control the game
now if they did this they would quickly
realize that the center of these
messages is not a student at all
and when they learn what will happen to
them if they don't obey they'll wish
they took it a lot more seriously
that night the girl receives a new
message from the king's game the second
order commands that students number 4
and 19 must kiss each other tomorrow
or else they will be punished the next
day at school the girl who was given the
order to kiss
isn't bothered by it at all obeying the
command the girl approaches this boy and
gives him a kiss
on the lips everyone gets excited but as
she walks back to her seat they all
receive a message from the king that
confirms the command was obeyed
okay if i'm looking for who the king is
nobody is more suspicious than this kid
right here
if we all think that one of these
students is controlling this game it's
not hard to imagine that the first thing
they'll do is try and make
out with the prettiest girl in the class
and no one will ever know that he was
the one who made the dare in the first
place
when students are bored of school and
stuck in class with no teacher to
supervise us there's no limit to what we
might do with ourselves given the right
opportunities
the only problem is everyone has
forgotten the second rule of the game
if you don't follow the orders you will
be punished and nobody realizes that
this game is going to get really twisted
when the dares
escalate that night the student gets
another message for the next order and
finds out that the class delinquent
hideki
must grope her chest or else they will
both be punished
she plans to avoid the dare at all costs
but staying home will be the worst
mistake of her life
the next day at school the boys are
talking to the class delinquent and
they're all excited to watch him fulfill
the order he's been given but when this
girl gets off the phone
and tells them her friend doesn't want
to be groped and is staying home
the guys are upset that night the
students receive a message from the king
saying that the orders have not been
fulfilled and as a punishment the two
students will be erased from existence
suddenly the fourth order comes in and
it says this nerdy student must have
intercourse with this girl who already
has a boyfriend or else to both face the
punishment
chiami calls her friend to find out more
but that's when she sees a class photo
and suddenly realizes her two classmates
disappear from a photo on her wall
this isn't just an innocent game the
consequences are real and if they fail
to obey the commands
any record of their existence will be
wiped off the face of the earth
okay that's two down and 29 more
students to go
seeing your friends disappear from a
printed photo in your bedroom turns this
into a supernatural scenario and that's
not something i want to be a part of no
matter how many girls i might get to
kiss
playing games with ghosts and demons is
a surefire way of getting yourself
haunted
killed or cursed we know we'll have to
obey every order from the king no matter
how horrible it is
in order to survive and win this game we
need to keep a cool head and be prepared
to do whatever it takes when things get
a lot worse
but if we're going to stay calm
throughout this game there's one thing
that we have to prevent at all costs
wet socks fessy are 100 waterproof and
snow proof sneakers they are comfortable
stylish and wearable even in the winter
if it's a life or death situation you do
not want to have to deal with wet socks
and with vestis you don't have to
these sneakers make rain and wet weather
fun again because they keep you
protected
they look great feel great and they're
super easy to clean i've had my vessies
for a little while now and after wearing
these waterproof sneakers there's no way
i'm going back to boots they are a truly
everyday sneaker that you can wear in
any situation or weather condition with
one less thing to worry about
and even better they are also
sustainably made with no animal
byproducts from a material called
dymatex which is a dual climate knit
that keeps you cool in the summer and
warm in the winter vesti's keep you
focused when your life depends on it
especially for the upcoming rainy season
fesies are my go-to shoes by my door
check them out in the link below and use
my code how to beat to get 25
off of your bessy shoes thank you to
vessi for sponsoring this video
now if people's entire existences are
being erased then we might be dealing
with the supernatural here so we need to
cover our bases and confirm that this
isn't a prank
and doesn't have a natural explanation
the first thing to do
is to call the two arrays to students to
see if they answer their phones
if they don't then we need to contact
the rest of the class and ask them all
to check their yearbooks for any record
of their existence
this is the quickest way to figure out
if the punishment is real because
re-printing everyone's yearbook without
those two students in them is way too
elaborate to be a prank and if their
pictures are missing in
everyone's copy then it confirms that we
have a perfectly logical reason to freak
the out
now i find it strange that a ghost wants
to watch students kiss and grope each
other and so far the king has made
orders that sound way too much like it
was created by an immature and
opportunistic student
so the most logical assumption we can
make is that one of the kids in our
class is a ghost in disguise
this is horrifying but it might actually
be a blessing because ghosts have
patterns of behavior that are easier to
identify
ghosts tend to haunt the place of their
death and stay the age that they died so
with this in mind i would check the
school records and local news archives
if any students died on campus
ghosts don't typically change their
names or appearances either so if we
find a picture of any student that may
have made a tragic end here we might be
surprised to discover
it's an identical match to someone in
our class the next thing i would do is
check all these students home addresses
to make sure that no one happens to be
living
in an abandoned or empty house if we can
figure out who the king is this way then
we might be able to figure out why the
ghost wants us to play this game
if it's linked to their cause of death
they might have some unfinished business
and be looking for revenge on someone
else in the class and following this
lead is going to get us a lot closer to
the answers than we were before
the next day the class discovers that
not only are the two students missing
but their desks are completely gone as
well
this girl on the right notices that even
the phone number of her friend has been
deleted and everyone is terrified as
they realize
exactly what happens if they don't
follow orders their teacher enters the
room telling them all to sit down and
the girl the glasses asks about their
missing classmates but the woman insists
there are no absent students
she doesn't notice that there are two
empty spaces where desks should be
and the students can't believe what
they're hearing later that day
the friend of the girl who stayed home
calls the girl's mother to reach her
but the mother claims she doesn't have a
daughter
the friend can't understand why the
adults have no memory of the missing
students but her classmate points out
that any information about them no
longer exists when they get erased
and only the students playing the death
game know what is going on
the girl the boyfriend amisky here
realizes she'll be erased too if she
doesn't have sex with a nerdy student
but her boyfriend gets angry
he threatens the kid not to touch his
girlfriend but if he wants her to
survive
there's only one way to save her life
okay
it normally doesn't work when i tell
someone that they need to sleep with me
in order to save the world
but this is the one time it might
actually be true
the nerdy student is actually between a
rock and a hard place
because if he doesn't sleep with this
girl he'll be erased but if he does
he'll be murdered by the boyfriend
if you ask me i don't want to make
anyone cheat on their partners
but i'm definitely putting my own
survival over someone else's
relationship here
i would tell the girl that i'm willing
to do it if she is and that we can make
it as short as necessary just to fulfill
the order
but there's also one more thing to
consider here because if the king
is able to confirm that we obeyed that
he would have to be there when it
happens
that sounds to me like it would be a
perfect trap descent because we can
count on the king to be watching somehow
if it were me i would turn this into an
anti-sex tape
and fill the room full of cameras that
are pointed away from all the action
if the king shows up to confirm that we
followed orders then we can catch him
spine with video evidence of who it is
the boyfriend would still be rightfully
angry but we could point out that we
used the opportunity to save everyone
else's lives
including his by catching the king if it
wasn't enough
i think it's only fair to offer him a
clean punch to my face
and let bygones be bygones after school
the main character chiami is hanging out
with her friend at nobu when he gets a
notification on his phone and finds out
that today's order has been carried out
that means their classmates got busy in
order to survive and the boyfriend
is going to be absolutely furious they
start feeling bad for him but that's
when they receive another message
order number five says the boyfriend
will now become the king of the game for
one day
and everyone must obey whatever command
he decides
the next day the students are walking to
school together when the nerdy kid calls
them into a nearby alley
he's terrified that he's going to get
beaten up begging him to see if the
boyfriend has cooled down and they
agreed to help
as they arrive the boyfriend here slaps
his cheating girlfriend in front of
everyone the other students defend the
girl saying she was just trying to save
her own life but he ignores them and
commands his classmates to die on the
spot
suddenly the nerdy kid stumbles out of
the alley and collapses to the ground
these adults check to see if he's okay
but their memories are suddenly erased
and they walk away
the kid no longer exists and the rest of
the class is notified that the king's
orders have been carried out
the boy's desk vanishes right in front
of their eyes and no one can believe
what just happened
chiami here is horrified as the class
photo loses another student
and now three are dead with 28 left to
go
okay i completely understand and if the
nerdy student slept with my girlfriend
like this i would want him dead too
but there's one problem his status as
king is only going to last long enough
to make one single order after which he
won't be king any longer so he needs to
consider his options here before he
wastes his power
now it's going to be hard for him to
make a rational decision because he's
overrun with anger and embarrassment but
there's actually a solution here that
might save his life
since there were no terms that clarified
when the game would end it most likely
means that there can only be one winner
so if he wanted to save vengeful
as king i would declare myself the
winner and give the order to the entire
class
to die it might sound cold-blooded and
that's because it is but if there could
only be one winner out of 31 students
we only have a 3 chance of surviving
this death game
i want to live more than i want to keep
my classmates and we can find a better
girlfriend later
we don't know if this is possible
because there are no rules stated for
what happens if you become king but it's
definitely worth a try
if there wasn't a way to win the game
with a single order the next best thing
is to use your power to find the
original king
and kill him i would do this by making
an order for a single student to touch
the original king
the player would then have to touch
every student and once the king was
touched we would get text messages
saying that the objective was
accomplished
once you've identified him then we might
be able to kill him and escape this
death game once and for all
later that day the class discusses if
they should tell the police about what's
happening but this kid points out that
their story is so unbelievable that
nobody would help
they ask if this is the work of a ghost
but that's when the main character's
friend
nobu stands up he points out that the
king is trying to get them to turn at
each other and that whatever the next
command is they should work together to
survive
after class the quiet girl approaches
nobu and invites him to talk
revealing that she has a theory about
the game he joins her in the library and
she tells him that she thinks one of the
students doesn't know that they are the
king
as crazy as that sounds she's very close
to figuring out the truth
the next day the class is ordered to
hold a popularity contest between two
students
one male candidate and one female
candidate they're all horrified that
they have to choose which of their
friends must die but good guy nobu here
has a solution
realizing that there's an even number of
students left he suggests that they vote
for each candidate equally so it will
end
in a tie since it doesn't break the
rules the plan should work
all the students put their votes inside
of this box and the results are counted
but when glasses girl reads out the last
name
they're all shocked that one more person
voted for the boy to live
that's when everyone's phones go off
telling them that they've chosen the
girl to be erased from existence
okay to me this is the scariest order
they've gone so far because your fate is
entirely in everyone else's hands and
you have to trust that people actually
like you enough to keep you alive
now they had a foolproof way of helping
both of these students survive
but instead soon here knowingly voted to
kill the other player
and that's really cold-blooded but it
also offers a great opportunity here
right now it's impossible to get help
because all evidence of these students
are completely erased
and nobody remembers who they are but if
we have some way to prove this is
happening to us then we might be able to
solve this problem
since we know the female candidate is
about to be erased we need to use it to
our advantage
and record the event i would try to
video record her disappearing but first
make her interact with the environment
if she kicks over a chair opens a window
or picks something up to throw and then
gets erased the video might look like it
was all being done by a ghost
because the loser of the vote will be
erased from existence
this gives us proof to take disowned
outside the game and they might take our
claim seriously enough to help us
now it's possible people might think
it's just visual effects and they won't
be impressed so we have to consider
going one step further and get our hands
dirty to survive
if the female candidate managed to kill
a teacher before she gets erased and we
recorded the murder
they would have no way of explaining a
video that shows a teacher being stabbed
and killed by nobody
we can frame this ghost for a crime he
didn't commit and when people see the
video in the teacher's dead body they'll
have no choice but to get the police
involved and take her claim seriously
the loser of the vote here doesn't want
to disappear and starts freaking out
trying to escape a punishment worse than
death she runs to the window and quits
her life
in order to quit the game suddenly
everyone gets a message from the king
who has decided to punish another
student in the dead girl's place
the new student is ordered to confess
her sin and this girl here reveals that
she was a deciding vote in the
popularity contest
ashamed she runs out of the room and the
group receives another message
the king reveals that the girl didn't
confess the right sin it has just been
erased
when they check outside they realize
that the female candidate who lost the
vote has disappeared too and that makes
it 5
down with 26 students left after school
the main character chiami meets up with
the quiet girl in the library and finds
out there have been other classes that
have gone missing in the past
the girl shows her an old photo and
points out a student that looks exactly
like her close friend
nobu she reveals that every time a class
went missing he was there
the girl can't believe it because she's
known him since they were kids but the
quiet girl here explains that the king
can change people's memories and implant
fake ones
okay this girl's theory about the king
is a serious problem
because if he can implant false memories
then nobody in the class can trust
what's real and that
is a terrifying revelation if we can
rely on what we remember then we need to
bring other people into this game to
help us figure out what's objectively
true
and what isn't now if someone disappears
nobody outside of the game will remember
them but the one thing that doesn't seem
to disappear are these text messages
this is the only remaining evidence that
these missing students ever existed and
we can use this information against the
king to escape the game
i would bring a teacher into the room to
witness an order being fulfilled because
even if they don't realize students are
disappearing they can still read the
messages
every time the king sends a new order
they will also notice that we all
receive these messages at the same time
from an anonymous source
now this might not be enough to convince
a teacher but there's a huge giveaway
here because each text
associates the student's name with their
attendance number and when they
disappear
their number disappears with them
eventually you'll have someone with a
number like 31 and a class
of five people and the teacher won't be
able to explain what there are
significant gaps in the numbering of
this class
it might be enough to convince the
teacher that it's not just a mistake and
to look for a way to find the king from
outside the game and help us
escape we could check other classes in
the school records to find
any other gaps in the student numbers we
might even find a graduating class with
only a single student and will know that
student was the winner of a previous
kings game
we could then track them down and ask
for advice on how they beat the game
and what orders to expect in the next
rounds to make sure we're prepared to be
the last survivor standing
the next day the students prepare for
the seventh order
they all must take turns dry one to
three pens from the box
and the last person to take one will be
erased
when this bully here approaches the box
he finds only three left
and realizes that depending on how many
pens he takes one of the next two
students will die
deciding to give them a choice he turns
around to ask them what he should do
if he takes one pen then nobu can take
one and this student will be erased but
if he takes two then nobu will be erased
instead
the main character chiami here tries to
intervene but the boy starts getting
power hungry
he offers to let her choose who to save
if she strips in front of everyone
the girl starts taking off her clothes
but nobu here stops her before it goes
too far
the bully takes the pens inside the box
but when the other student approaches to
take the last one
he finds it empty suddenly everyone
receives a new message confirming that
the bully here will be erased
he took the remaining pens and
sacrificed himself
leaving the classroom behind he becomes
the sixth person to be erased with 25
students remaining
okay there are two loopholes that we can
exploit here to make sure we beat this
game
first of all taking these pens one at a
time in an orderly fashion was not a
rule the king gave them but something
the students did on their own
if i were one of the last two students
to pick up a pen all i would need to do
is simply run up and grab two pens
before the bully even gets a chance to
decide how many he will take
this will make him the last player to
pick up a pen and he'll get erased
it's the perfect payback because he
spent all of his time making people beg
for their lives and that's not the kind
of person that deserves to be remembered
now there's also one more trick we can
do here this challenge
is very similar to an ancient chinese
game called nim or jinshitsu
where players had to select pebbles or
matchsticks and not be left with the
last one
it was so famous that it also inspired
someone to turn it into one of the first
computer games ever built in 1940 called
nematron
and almost nobody could beat it a way
that old chinese con artists have
cheated this game
is by sneaking in an extra piece without
their opponents knowing so they won't
lose
since it was never stated whether or not
pens could be put back into the box
once they were removed we could use the
same tactics as the ancient con men by
stealing a pen from someone who's
already taken one and when it's our turn
we slip it into the box as we take
another out
this way even if this guy takes three
there will be one left in the box
and it forces someone else to be last
instead of us
after class these two girls are waiting
outside the school and tell their
classmates that they have a clever plan
to escape the game
the other students are interested and
nobody realizes that it's going to get
them
all erased meanwhile noble here is
hanging out at chiami's house and asks
her about these pictures hanging on the
wall
she tells them that they're photos of
her mom's hometown but has no idea
these are a major clue to the origins of
this death game
suddenly they're interrupted by a
message revealing that 17
students have broken the rules and as
punishment they'll be erased from
existence
nobu calls his friend and finds out that
their classmates have blocked the
messages from the king's game but that
was against rule number one which states
that quitting the game at any time
isn't allowed chiami here checks the
class photo and is horrified to see
there's only eight players left standing
that's when they get their next order
the king commands that student number 16
must send a message to two people in her
class reading die
and they will be erased from existence
okay
this one stunt just wiped 17 people off
the face of the earth and
that's horrifying but it's also the best
news we've gotten since this death game
began
not only are there 17 less competitors
but we also have a gift wrap strategy
here to eliminate as many students as we
can
without needing a single order to do it
if this many people can be tricked into
breaking the rules then i would exploit
this by lying to the remaining students
that someone in our classroom is the
king and we can figure out who that is
if we go to the send messages of
everyone's inboxes
this excuse gives them hope that we can
finally end this game and they'll be
willing to hand over all their phones to
figure out who the king is once and for
all
then i would take their phones along
with their trust and break them both
from this point on they won't be able to
read the orders from the king
and after 24 hours i'll be the only
student that ever existed
it sounds cold-blooded and that's
because it is but in a death game i
don't give a crap about good
sportsmanship i only care about
surviving
these are not our friends anymore
they're our competitors and if we don't
start looking at the situation to win it
all then nobody will remember you
existed
the next day they arrive to class and
find only eight desks left
and the students are horrified at how
many classmates just disappeared in a
single night
the teacher walks in and asks if there
are any absent students
but that's when glasses girl here
reaches her breaking point
she tells a teacher that all of her
friends are being erased and the woman
tells chiami to take her to the nurse's
office
in the hallway the girl insists she's
feeling better and excuses herself to
the bathroom but letting her go was a
huge mistake
she sits down in one of the stalls and
decides she's going to quit the game
the old-fashioned way her friend walks
in the check on her but when she sees a
pool of blood
spill out from under the door she
realizes what's happened
that's now 24 students down and seven to
go
the door swings open showing that the
girl has disappeared and the king sends
out a message telling everyone that nobu
must now fulfill the girl's order in her
place
he has to send a death message to three
people instead of two but they have 24
hours to come up with a plan to survive
before they need to obey okay if i was
nobuwaki
i would make them all offer me reasons
not to choose their names whoever offers
me the most incentive not to kill them
is exactly who i would kill
whoever is going to offer the most is
willing to do anything and
say anything to stay alive and whoever
decides to stand up to me
is more interested in their principles
and morals now if we've already started
to suspect that there can only be one
winner in the game
it all comes down to who you want to be
your last competitors
if your last remaining competition is
people who will do whatever it takes to
survive you're going to have a harder
time winning but people who are more
interested in their principles are going
to be more hesitant to do terrible
things to save themselves
this game is all about obeying horrible
orders and we need people who have
enough moral fiber to stay alive
because they will make for easier
competition when the game escalates in
the last
stages after school for the students go
to yonaki village
one of them found a strange newspaper
clipping that mentioned an entire class
had gone missing and it's their only
lead
to find out what's going on they arrive
at the campus of an abandoned school and
nobu feels like he's seen this place
before but the boy doesn't realize that
he's walking right into a trap
back in the nurse's office the quiet
girl tells chiami that the other
students are at a deserted school in
another town
and shows her an old newspaper clipping
about students vanishing
this school is the oldest incident of a
class going missing that they could find
on record which means
it could be the origin of the king's
game but the quiet girl suspects the
students went there believing that nobu
is the king
at the abandoned school their friend
nobu is looking through a storage room
and finds a strange letter about the
king's game
he's so distracted reading it that he
doesn't see his classmates sneak behind
him and he gets knocked unconscious
when he wakes up nobu discovers he's
been tied up by his classmates and they
show him an old photo that looks like
him as proof
convinced that he's the king controlling
the game they tell him that if the
players kill him then they might be set
free
feeling around for something to cut him
loose nobu here finds a pair of scissors
and picks it up when his phone
suddenly starts to rain his classmate
takes it and ends the call
and no one will be coming to save him
okay we don't have enough time to slice
through these ropes before we're killed
and we're too far away for anyone to
hear our cries for help
all we have to rely on is the photo
they've just shown us in their
classmates beliefs that we're somehow
immortal
they're dead set on killing us to end
the game but we can use their fear
against them i would lie to them and
confess that i am the king but this also
means that i make the rules
and that there is a secret third rule
that wasn't dimensioned whoever
discovers the king
is excused from rules one and two and
they are free to quit the game without
consequence
they might be skeptical but i can point
into the picture again as proof that i'm
the king without a doubt
they don't know that this picture has
been planted by the game to turn people
against each other so they will have to
accept it as undeniable proof
once they're convinced i would remind
them that as the king i control every
aspect of the game
including the supernatural ability to
erase people from
existence if they try to kill me they'll
get punished immediately and that's not
a risk
they would be willing to take now if i
were them i would take this deal in a
heartbeat and set him free because if
nobu is the king
then we want to accept the deal and quit
the game but if he isn't the king
then all they need to do is take away
his phone so he can't send three death
messages
the logical solution here is to release
him because they're already convinced
they've captured the king
then they might be stupid enough to
accept the king's deal and declare they
quit the game and get erased for
breaking the rules
in the nurse's office nobu's best friend
here is trying to call him to find out
if he's okay but when the call is
rejected
he knows his friend is in trouble
thinking quickly he runs over to the
computer and the quiet girl gives him a
clever idea
the classmates prepare to execute the
student but they're erased at the last
moment
he cuts himself out of his restraints
and checks his phone discovering the
king's orders have been fulfilled
his best friend here logged into nobu's
email according to the quiet girl's
suggestion
and they sent the death messages on his
behalf to obey the command and save
their friend's life
that's when he looks at the letter he
found earlier and discovers it's the
same photo that he saw in chiami's house
there's a connection between chiami and
this death game but he isn't
sure what suddenly his phone rings and
it tells him that because the king's
orders were carried down on his behalf
his friends will now be erased for
breaking the rules
that makes 29 dead and two players left
standing
later that night nobu calls chiami and
tells her to meet him at school but the
girl has no idea that he's going to try
and kill her
she finds him sitting alone at his desk
and the kid has finally figured out the
secret to this game
he shows you the picture he found and
explains there was one survivor from the
kings game at the abandoned school
a long time ago and that winner was
chiami she was supposed to become the
king after winning the game but refused
and was cursed to be stuck in this death
game forever and her memories are erased
every time it happens okay this girl is
the only surviving winner of this death
game it has been cursed to become
ageless which means that she will never
die from the death games that she's
forced to play
now there's one obvious thing she can do
to avoid ever getting yourself into a
death game in the first place and that's
to stop going to school
if she was born a long time ago then her
parents and relatives must be dead and
nobody is forcing this girl to do
anything so there's no reason to go
she can enjoy her life and use her
immortality like it's a superpower as
long as we don't ever become a part of a
large group for the king's game to
activate
the only other problem here is that her
memory is erased but this can be fixed
with a simple tattoo that says school's
out forever so even if she doesn't
remember getting it
she should have every reason she needs
to stay away for good jimmy here runs
out of the classroom and tries to escape
her friend
nobu but he cuts her off demanding to
know the truth about her past
she pushes him to the floor and grabs
his scissors realizing that killing him
is the only way out of here
nobu's family is sitting down for dinner
but they notice there's one extra plate
and nobu's existence has been erased
from the family's memory forever
that's 30 down and chiami is the winner
once again
going back to the now empty classroom
she receives a message that she's won
the game and the
curse will continue forever but the girl
has had enough approaching the window
she throws herself
out and the last desk is erased from
existence
half a year later a girl has transferred
to a new school and introduces herself
to her new classmates
that's the student next to her turns
around and it's chiami the curse has had
through life with no memory of her old
class and she still hasn't passed the
10th grade
but what do you think how would you beat
king's game let me know with a comment
down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist for more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day